I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Polly Parrot
Peppa and her family
are visiting Granny Pig and
Grandpa Pig.
Granny Pig!
Grandpa Pig!
Ganggy lg!
Baba lg!
Hello, my little ones. Come inside,
We have a surprise.
What is it?
We have a new pet.
Can you guess What it is?
Dine-saw?
No.
it's not a dinosaur.
Come and see.
Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig
have a pet parrot.
Peppa, George,
this is our pet parrot.
She's called Polly.
Pretty Polly.
Oooh. Wow.
I'm a clever parrot.
Mummy, Why does Polly
copy everything that Granny says?
That's What parrots do.
I'll show you.
Hello, Polly.
What a sweet little parrot!
Come on, everyone, teatime!
Peppa, George. Come on!
There's chocolate cake!
Coming, Granny!
Peppa and George love eating
chocolate cake.
But today, they are in a hurry
to get back and play
With Polly Parrot.
Finished!
What noisy little ones you are!
Granny, please, can We leave the table
and go and see Polly Parrot?
Are sure you've completely
finished your cake?
Off you go, then.
Hurray!
George, say something to Polly.
George is a little bit shy.
Hello.
Peppa and George are really enjoying
playing With Polly Parrot.
I'm Peppa Pig!
George, say something.
Peppa and George are
pretending to be parrots.
I'm Polly Parrot,
Peppa is thinking of something else
to say to Polly Parrot.
I'm a noisy parrot!
Peppa, George,
have you been playing With Polly?
Yes, Granny.
Polly is such a sweet parrot.
I'm a clever parrot.
I'm a noisy parrot!
Ohh!
Oh, my Word!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.